[Monitor][Ingestion] Readme updates (#28614)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-ingestion/README.md

The DCR must understand the structure of the input data and the structure of the target table. If the two don't match, it can use a transformation to convert the source data to match the target table. You may also use the transform to filter source data and perform any other calculations or conversions.

> For more details, refer to [Data collection rules in Azure Monitor][data_collection_rule], and for information on how to retrieve a DCR ID, check out [this tutorial][data_collection_rule_tutorial].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see [Data collection rules in Azure Monitor][data_collection_rule]. For information on how to retrieve a DCR ID, see [this tutorial][data_collection_rule_tutorial].
```
